Are you too greedy?
You want it all back.
Why don't you take the whole store down?
That would be a good idea.
You heard what he said, and I think it makes perfect sense.
Why don't you give me the whole store?
Yes, as long as you tell me where the buckwheat is.
You tell me.
Why do you want to find buckwheat so much?
If you just want to compensate him
It's possible to contact his father
He doesn't need to show up at all
Because I owe him an apology
Party that day
I'm sorry for him
And I scolded him.
I'm open-mouthed
Too bad he can't hear your confession
But if you can really give me this store
I could think about it
Express your apologies to Buckwheat
Acquire this store immediately at all costs
No way.
Chengyu's store is the most famous luxury store
priceless
This woman just wants to cheat you
I can also pay for down for you.
But how can he compare to me?
You're spending a fortune on buckwheat now
Are you not
Down I just owe him an apology
In my lowest days
You spent it with me
I will never let you down